Once upon a time, there lived a small boy, named Peanut, in a village far 
far away. Peanut was the prince in the village. 
His dad had passed away when he was an infant.
Peanut was the smallest boy and the weakest of the village.
No matter how much he ate, he didn't grow. While  walking in the market an
old man called him over. "would you help me carry these bags my son".
"he doesn't know who i am"- thaught peanut. "sure but I am not very strong"
The old man replied "they're not that heavy its just that the years
weren't kind to me, and now i am weakier than a small boy". peanut  felt hurt
by what the old man said, then remembered how being weak mad him feel
it must've been harder for someone how had strength than lost it.
"to where do you want me to carry them?", "just to the second floor. 
Prince peanut croutched to pick up the bags but couldn't lift them. "my 
god you're weaker than weak. this is just sad" shouted the old man.
Peanut got blinded by anger and tried to push the old man, but he push he 
only push himself off, fell backwards into a puddle. every one laughed at him.

Peanut, extremely embarrassed, ran straight home. That night he couldn't sleep
as he kept remembering his embarrasing mishap earlier that day. Knowing that 
laying in bed wouldn't be of any use, he got up to turn on the light. His hand
brushed the lamp, and a great gust of air filled the room. A great muscular 
human figure emerged from the lamp, with giant biceps and rock hard abs. He 
said to Peanut, "Sup midget, I'm the genie of massive gains. I'm here to help 
you get RIPPED lil bro."  

The Will Smith genie said, "I shall grant you 3 wishes." Peanut, brushing off his initial shock,
said to the genie, "My first wish is to eliminate all disease from the world." "Oh, uhhhh,
I forgot to mention, the wishes can only be about getting muscles" responded the genie. 
"Fine, I guess I wish to get super jacked with a crazy 8 pack" said Peanut. "Sure, just inject
this liquid 2 times a day and you'll see the gains instantly come" said the Genie, handing Peanut
a needle and a thermos filled with a clear liquid. Peanut looked at the thermos with a Trenabol
label on the side. "Wait a second" said Peanut, "isn't this just a steroid?" "Oh, uhhhh, yes
but they are special steroids imbued with magic. Don't worry, the magic makes sure there are 
no side effects at all. None at all" "Wow really!" exclaimed Peanut excitedly. "Yes, but 
make sure you never use more than 2 injections a day, otherwise there will be consequences" reponded
the genie. "Yea sure, sure when do the muscles come in" said Peanut, not really listening to what the 
genie said. The genie responded "in time they will come" as he disappeared...
